Emperor
Ah!
Concubine Wan is here
Why is Concubine Wan so tired today?
The emperor was not clamoring to drink yesterday
Lotus seed soup cooked by the concubine herself
Speaking of which, the concubine saw the emperor for the first time
This is lotus seed soup
It's been a long time
today
The emperor can drink it all
concubine
Sing me a song
Just like when you first met me
I still remember
You were singing
It sounds like a lark.
I love it.
Now I am old
The kids are so big
I'm afraid I'll never hear it again
You give me
Let's do one more song.
The emperor forgot
concubine
I can't sing for a long time
Oh, dear.
Blame me
not good for the world
old
The emperor is not old
The emperor will always be young in the heart of his concubine
Wait until the concubine becomes an old lady
Still pestering the emperor
The emperor said
To protect the concubine forever
An Fei
You have been with me all your life
Betrayed you